AKS docs: clarify cluster autoscaler max nodes (#123150)
Azure/azure-content: articles/aks/cluster-autoscaler-overview.md

* To **effectively run workloads concurrently on both Spot and Fixed node pools**, consider using [*priority expanders*](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/FAQ.md#what-are-expanders). This approach allows you to schedule pods based on the priority of the node pool.
* Exercise caution when **assigning CPU/Memory requests on pods**. The cluster autoscaler scales up based on pending pods rather than CPU/Memory pressure on nodes.
* For **clusters concurrently hosting both long-running workloads, like web apps, and short/bursty job workloads**, we recommend separating them into distinct node pools with [Affinity Rules](./operator-best-practices-advanced-scheduler.md#node-affinity)/[expanders](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/FAQ.md#what-are-expanders) or using [PriorityClass](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/pod-priority-preemption/#priorityclass) to help prevent unnecessary node drain or scale down operations.

> * In an autoscaler-enabled node pool, scale down nodes by removing workloads, instead of manually reducing the node count. This can be problematic if the node pool is already at maximum capacity or if there are active workloads running on the nodes, potentially causing unexpected behavior by the cluster autoscaler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In an autoscaler-enabled node pool, scale down nodes by removing workloads, instead of manually reducing the node count. This can be problematic if the node pool is already at maximum capacity or if there are active workloads running on the nodes, potentially causing unexpected behavior by the cluster autoscaler.
```

Author: incorporated all your feedback, thank you!

  * A pod uses node selectors or anti-affinity that can't be honored if scheduled on a different node.
    For more information, see [What types of pods can prevent the cluster autoscaler from removing a node?](https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/blob/master/cluster-autoscaler/FAQ.md#what-types-of-pods-can-prevent-ca-from-removing-a-node).
>[!IMPORTANT]
> **Do not make changes to individual nodes within the autoscaled node pools**. All nodes in the same node group should have uniform capacity, labels, taints and system pods running on them.

> * The cluster autoscaler is not responsible for enforcing a "maximum node count" in a cluster node pool irrespective of pod scheduling considerations. If any non-cluster autoscaler actor sets the node pool count to a number beyond the cluster autoscaler's configured maximum, cluster autoscaler will not automatically remove nodes. Scale down behaviors of cluster autoscaler remain scoped to removing only nodes that have no scheduled pods. The sole purpose of the cluster autoscaler's max node count configuration is to enforce an upper limit for scale up operations. It does not have any effect upon scale down considerations.

Reviewer 2: @jackfrancis - do you think this would sound more prescriptive ?

"The Cluster Autoscaler does not enforce a "maximum node count" in a node pool based on pod scheduling. When adjusting the maximum node count of a node pool, ensure it is equal to or greater than the current node count in the nodepool. The Cluster Autosaler scales down by removing nodes only when the node meets the scale down criteria. The max node count setting exists solely to enforce an upper limit for scale-up operations and does not affect scale-down decisions."

Author: I think it sounds like a reworded version of the same concept, but certainly could be an improvement.

@tallaxes @Bryce-Soghigian @rakechill which one do we prefer?

> > **Do not make changes to individual nodes within the autoscaled node pools**. All nodes in the same node group should have uniform capacity, labels, taints and system pods running on them.
> * The cluster autoscaler is not responsible for enforcing a "maximum node count" in a cluster node pool irrespective of pod scheduling considerations. If any non-cluster autoscaler actor sets the node pool count to a number beyond the cluster autoscaler's configured maximum, cluster autoscaler will not automatically remove nodes. Scale down behaviors of cluster autoscaler remain scoped to removing only nodes that have no scheduled pods. The sole purpose of the cluster autoscaler's max node count configuration is to enforce an upper limit for scale up operations. It does not have any effect upon scale down considerations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Don't make changes to individual nodes within the autoscaled node pools**. All nodes in the same node group should have uniform capacity, labels, taints and system pods running on them.

* The cluster autoscaler isn't responsible for enforcing a "maximum node count" in a cluster node pool irrespective of pod scheduling considerations. If any non-cluster autoscaler actor sets the node pool count to a number beyond the cluster autoscaler's configured maximum, the cluster autoscaler doesn't automatically remove nodes. The cluster autoscaler scale down behaviors remain scoped to removing only nodes that have no scheduled pods. The sole purpose of the cluster autoscaler's max node count configuration is to enforce an upper limit for scale up operations. It doesn't have any effect on scale down considerations.
```

* Increase `scale-down-utilization-threshold`, which is the utilization threshold for removing nodes.
* Increase `max-empty-bulk-delete`, which is the maximum number of nodes that can be deleted in a single call.
* Set `skip-nodes-with-local-storage` to false.

> * Increase `ok-total-unready-count`and `max-total-unready-percentage`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Increase `ok-total-unready-count`and `max-total-unready-percentage`.
```
